


Most of the componets taht ahve enable digitabl ecomputer scame from a program
called whilrewindw-sage.
but few people know hat they were working on developing.


The road to the cashless society came through a byway called radar.


Now kids can download the new Nike.




UX is where technology interfaces with not only users, but culture.
This is where the humanity and the morality of what we build comes to play.
This is really where the rubber meats the road.

Now, as our lives are more mediated by ever more powerful




Three main things that underpine our tech. Mobile. Connected. Accessible.
Technology is become more ergononic




It's the implications that are suprising!

dennis richie invented unix




wywg editors
lack capability
hacks
war planes


It's not that we don't see it coming. It's just that every time it really
arrives it always feels like it caught is by surprise.

That watershed. That moment where technology and design bring form to a new
medium, and affects the human experience.


How we can play a part in shaping a future which we cannot invent.



"The best way to predict the future is to invent it - Peter Cochrane, British Telecom Laboratories"
It has been said that the best way to predict the futur is to invent it.
But we don't really invent the future. We discover it.

"Scientists study the world as it is; engineers create the world that has never
been. — Theodore von Kármán (1881–1963)"




I see the challenge as really not to fix broken things, or build better versions
of things, but to build new things.

We do this by interrogating the problems we are solving



The technology that breaks ground


We are ever waiting for "the next big thing." But the reason that their arrival
always comes as a suprise, is because the roadmap to 

(images of "the mother of all demos", "howard hughs", "iphone presentation")

For many of us who have found ourselves in this vocation--staring for hours into
glowing screens, writing computational formulas, or ranging geometry and
symbols, do this for the possiblity of intenving the future.

Everytime we develop a feature or capbility--we are designing a future human
interaction.



You see, it's very to invent the future.
But we can discover it.
And it's our job to enable it.





"What’s past is prologue. —Shakespeare (The Tempest, 1623)"

It was shakespear who wrote that: "What's past is prologue.

"Trying to predict the future is like trying to drive down a country road at
night with no lights while looking out the back window. —Peter Drucker (1909–2005)"



engineer (n.) Look up engineer at Dictionary.com
mid-14c., enginour, "constructor of military engines," from Old French engigneor
"engineer, architect, maker of war-engines; schemer" (12c.), from Late Latin
ingeniare

Engineers are people who apply their knowledge of how things work to building
new things. This has been going on for a very long time, but the word “engineer”
goes back to the twelfth century when it was applied to people who built
military engines of destruction.



IP-addressable, controllable with JavaScript APIs, able to be stitched into
loosely-coupled systems



And so it would not suprise me at all if the history books will say that it was
in the 21st century that every company became a tech company.


But I would venture to be even more precise than that and say that:
"Every company is a software company" - @JonBruner






The one pillar of civilzation that has always been exceedingly attune to
technology is that which is dedicated to the art of war.
Having a gun to your head is certainly a motivation to innovate your way out of
that perdicament into a position of any advantage.
The military were the orignal hipster--the first to obsess over killer apps
befor it was cool.


encryption / cyphers
protocals




I'm not talking about the innovation that makes buttons better, but the
innovation that makes buttons obsolete.
Do you realize that you have lived through that watershed innovative moment with
the touchscreen.


--- "Quit you day-job"

So I'm going to make an appeal to you: Quit you day-job.
No, I'm not saying quit your job. What I am saying is quit quit looking at what you do as a retirement plan. 
And see that even if your enterprise is not working at the cure for autism,
you can provide the tools that the will enable to those who will discover the
cure for autism.
Don't just ship the feature. Consider what is at the root of the problem you are
solving, and honestly consider whether the approach that you have taken is
correct.

--- "Dream big. Think small." @petrosalema

--- "The new sliced bread is still baking"
So much of the gadget are touch-driven. It is guarenteed (by law of microminiaturaization) that it won't always be this way.




